"Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers."  - Lord Tennyson
"Frailty, thy name is woman!" - Shakespeare
"In the end, everything is a gag."  - Charlie Chaplin
"Where there is love there is life."  - Gandhi
"The best love affairs are those we never had." - Norman Lindsay
"Brevity is the soul of wit."  - William Shakespeare
"Everything is funny as long as it is happening to somebody else." - Will Rogers
"Fortune favors the brave."  - Virgil
"I made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it short." - Blaise Pascal
"Great works are performed, not by strength, but by perseverance."  - Samuel Johnson
"You can have everything in life that you want if you just give enough other people what they want."  - Zig Ziglar
"Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, the mind can achieve."  - Dr. Napoleon Hill
"An eye for eye only ends up making the whole world blind."  - Gandhi
"100% of the shots you don't take don't go in."  - Wayne Gretzky
"I want to know God's thoughts... the rest are details."  - Albert Einstein
"Strong lives are motivated by dynamic purposes."  - Kenneth Hildebrand
"It's just life. Just live it."  - Quote Garden
"Anxiety and distress, interrupted occasionally by pleasure, is the normal course of man's existence."  - Joseph Wood Krutch
"Life is the sum of all your choices."  - Albert Camus
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life. It goes on."  - Robert Frost
"He who has nothing to die for has nothing to live for."  - Moroccan Proverb
"My formula for living is quite simple. I get up in the morning and I go to bed at night. In between, I occupy myself as best I can." - Cary Grant
"In spite of the cost of living, it's still popular."  - Kathy Norris
"I hope life isn't a big joke, because I don't get it."  - Jack Handey
"Life is simple, its just not easy."  - Unknown
"The purpose of life is a life of purpose."  - Robert Byrne
"Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending."  - Maria Robinson
"Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live."  - Unknown
"Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death?"  - Albert Einstein
"Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today."  - James Dean
"The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: Decide what you want."  - Ben Stein
"To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else." - Emily Dickinson
"The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation."  - Henry David Thoreau